README.md, before:

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/start-coverage.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/start-coverage)
[![travis](http://img.shields.io/travis/start-runner/coverage.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/start-runner/coverage)
[![deps](https://img.shields.io/gemnasium/start-runner/coverage.svg?style=flat-square)](https://gemnasium.com/start-runner/coverage)

Code coverage tasks for [Start](https://github.com/start-runner/start). Uses [istanbul](https://github.com/gotwarlost/istanbul) by default, but is compatible with [babel-istanbul](https://github.com/ambitioninc/babel-istanbul), [isparta](https://github.com/douglasduteil/isparta), [ibrik](https://github.com/Constellation/ibrik) and so on.

## Install

```
npm i -D start-coverage
```

## Usage

The sequence of tasks is simple: "instrument" sources, run tests and then report collected code coverage.

```js
// tasks/index.js
import coverage from 'start-coverage';
import mocha from 'start-mocha';

export const test = [
    ...
    coverage.instrument('lib/**/*.js'),
    mocha('test/**/*.js'),
    coverage.report([ 'lcovonly', 'html', 'text-summary' ])
    ...
];
```

```js
// package.json
"scripts": {
  "task": "babel-node node_modules/.bin/start tasks/",
  "test": "npm run task test"
}
```

## Arguments

### instrument

`coverage.instrument(patterns, istanbul, options)`

* `patterns` – [globby patterns](https://github.com/sindresorhus/globby)
* `istanbul` – istanbul-compatible coverage tool, `require('istanbul')` by default
* `options` – [Instrumenter options](https://gotwarlost.github.io/istanbul/public/apidocs/classes/Instrumenter.html#method_Instrumenter), `{ embedSource: true, noAutoWrap: true }` by default

### report

`coverage.report(reporters, dir, options)`

* `reporters` – `[ 'lcovonly', 'text-summary' ]` by default
* `dir` – output directory, `coverage/` by default
* `options` – reporter options, none by default

Commit message:

:heavy_plus_sign: add `thresholds` subtask

README.md, after:

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/start-coverage.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/start-coverage)
[![travis](http://img.shields.io/travis/start-runner/coverage.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/start-runner/coverage)
[![deps](https://img.shields.io/gemnasium/start-runner/coverage.svg?style=flat-square)](https://gemnasium.com/start-runner/coverage)

Code coverage tasks for [Start](https://github.com/start-runner/start). Uses [istanbul](https://github.com/gotwarlost/istanbul) by default, but is compatible with [babel-istanbul](https://github.com/ambitioninc/babel-istanbul), [isparta](https://github.com/douglasduteil/isparta), [ibrik](https://github.com/Constellation/ibrik) and so on.

## Install

```
npm i -D start-coverage
```

## Usage

The sequence of tasks is simple: "instrument" sources, run tests, report collected code coverage and then check result against the provided thresholds (optional).

```js
// tasks/index.js
import coverage from 'start-coverage';
import mocha from 'start-mocha';

export const test = [
    ...
    coverage.instrument('lib/**/*.js'),
    mocha('test/**/*.js'),
    coverage.report([ 'lcovonly', 'html', 'text-summary' ]),
    coverage.thresholds({ functions: 100 }) // optional task
    ...
];
```

```js
// package.json
"scripts": {
  "task": "babel-node node_modules/.bin/start tasks/",
  "test": "npm run task test"
}
```

## Arguments

### instrument

`coverage.instrument(patterns, istanbul, options)`

* `patterns` – [globby patterns](https://github.com/sindresorhus/globby)
* `istanbul` – istanbul-compatible coverage tool, `require('istanbul')` by default
* `options` – [Instrumenter options](https://gotwarlost.github.io/istanbul/public/apidocs/classes/Instrumenter.html#method_Instrumenter), `{ embedSource: true, noAutoWrap: true }` by default

### report

`coverage.report(reporters, dir, options)`

* `reporters` – `[ 'lcovonly', 'text-summary' ]` by default
* `dir` – output directory, `coverage/` by default
* `options` – reporter options, none by default

### thresholds

`coverage.thresholds(thresholds)`

Same as [istanbul `check-coverage` command](https://github.com/gotwarlost/istanbul#the-check-coverage-command):

> Checks the coverage of `statements`, `functions`, `branches`, and `lines` against the provided thresholds. Positive thresholds are taken to be the minimum percentage required and negative numbers are taken to be the number of uncovered entities allowed.

Only defined keys will be processed:

```js
{
    statements: 100,
    functions: -10
}
```
